Connectome-constrained Latent Variable Model of Whole-Brain Neural Activity
Unraveling Single-Particle Trajectories Confined in Tubular Networks
Optogenetics
Neural Correlates of Cognition in Primary Visual versus Downstream Posterior Cortices During Evidence Accumulation
A perspective on Microscopy Metadata: data provenance and quality control
Learning Guided Electron Microscopy with Active Acquisition
Teaching deep neural networks to localize single molecules for super-resolution microscopy
Importance Weighted Adversarial Variational Autoencoders for Spike Inference from Calcium Imaging Data
Teaching deep neural networks to localize single molecules for super-resolution microscopy
Model-based Bayesian inference of neural activity and connectivity from all-optical interrogation of a neural circuit
Anisotropic EM Segmentation by 3D Affinity Learning and Agglomeration
Discovering Neuronal Cell Types and Their Gene Expression Profiles Using a Spatial Point Process Mixture Model
Point process latent variable models of larval zebrafish behavior
Microtubule Tracking in Electron Microscopy Volumes
Inpainting Networks Learn to Separate Cells in Microscopy Images
Simultaneous computation of dynamical and equilibrium information using a weighted ensemble of trajectories
Simultaneous computation of dynamical and equilibrium information using a weighted ensemble of trajectories
Simultaneous computation of dynamical and equilibrium information using a weighted ensemble of trajectories
A cytometry-based assay to determine optimal Janelia Fluor dye labelling of Halo and SNAP tags.
Cellular level analysis of the locomotor neural circuits in Drosophila melanogaster.
Multiple animals tracking in video using part affinity fields
Probing synaptic transmission and behavior in Drosophila with optogenetics: a laboratory exercise
Insights from Biology: low power circuits in the fruit fly.
Honeybee detection and pose estimation using convolutional neural networks.
A connectome based hexagonal lattice convolutional network model of the Drosophila visual system.
Science holds the key to unlocking economic success.
Discrete flow posteriors for variational inference in discrete dynamical systems.
Joint deformable registration of large EM image volumes: a matrix solver approach.
NeuroStorm: accelerating brain science discovery in the cloud.
BIM for Facilities Management: Providing value at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
Model-based Bayesian inference of neural activity and connectivity from all-optical interrogation of a neural circuit.
Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks.
Genomic probes.
Regularization and nonlinearities for neural language models: when are they needed?
Learning visual motion in recurrent neural networks.
Recurrent linear models of simultaneously-recorded neural populations.
Extracting regions of interest from biological images with convolutional sparse block coding.
Fast and accurate spike sorting of high-channel count probes with KiloSort.
Fast amortized inference of neural activity from calcium imaging data with variational autoencoders.
Extracting low-dimensional dynamics from multiple large-scale neural population recordings by learning to predict correlations.
Genetically encoded biosensors.
Volume imaging.
Dynamics of leg muscle function in tammar wallabies (M. eugenii) during level versus incline hopping.
A protocol demonstrating 60 different Drosophila behaviors in one assay.
Time-accuracy tradeoffs in kernel prediction: controlling prediction quality.
Semiparametric spectral modeling of the Drosophila connectome.
Visualization of the domain structure of an L-type Ca2+ channel using electron cryo-microscopy.
Calcium-independent disruption of microtubule dynamics by nanosecond pulsed electric fields in U87 human glioblastoma cells
Shape constrained automatic segmentation of the liver based on a heuristic intensity model.
Multi-object segmentation of head bones.
Multi-object segmentation with coupled deformable models.
Model-based auto-segmentation of knee bones and cartilage in MRI data.
Tracking by assignment facilitates data curation.
Mapping auto-context decision forests to deep ConvNets for semantic segmentation.
Automatic Extraction of Anatomical Landmarks From Medical Image Data: An Evaluation of Different Methods
Automatic extraction of mandibular nerve and bone from cone-beam CT data.
Improving deformable surface meshes through omni-directional displacements and MRFs.
Automatic detection and classification of teeth in CT data.
Active graph matching for automatic joint segmentation and annotation of C. elegans.
An empirical analysis of deep network loss surfaces.
A fully genetically encoded protein architecture for optical control of peptide ligand concentration.
Expansion microscopy.
Learning recurrent representations for hierarchical behavior modeling.
Bessel beam plane illumination microscope.
Sampling Requirements for Stable Autoregressive Estimation
Robust estimation of self-exciting point process models with application to neuronal modeling.
Large-scale electron microscopy image segmentation in spark.
MLlib: Machine learning in Apache Spark.
Together we are stronger: fusion protects mitochondria from autophagosomal degradation.
Fuse or die: Shaping mitochondrial fate during starvation.
Sample complexity of learning Mahalanobis distance metrics.
A high throughput (>90%), large compensation range, single-prism femtosecond pulse compressor.
Fast stitching of large 3d biological datasets.
Automatic landmark correspondence detection for ImageJ.
Introduction to ImgLib2
Advanced Programming with ImgLib2
Mechanisms of Drosophila retinal morphogenesis: the virtues of being progressive.
Role of the morphogenetic furrow in establishing polarity in the Drosophila eye.
Role of decapentaplegic in initiation and progression of the morphogenetic furrow in the developing Drosophila retina.
eyelid antagonizes wingless signaling during Drosophila development and has homology to the Bright family of DNA-binding proteins.
Eye development in Drosophila: formation of the eye field and control of differentiation.
Dorsoventral patterning in the Drosophila retina by wingless.
Y do we drink?
Early retinal development in Drosophila.
Genetic control of acute ethanol-induced behaviors in Drosophila.
A screen for dominant modifiers of ro(Dom), a mutation that disrupts morphogenetic furrow progression in Drosophila, identifies groucho and hairless as regulators of atonal expression.
Drosophila fasciclinII is required for the formation of odor memories and for normal sensitivity to alcohol.
Rough eye is a gain-of-function allele of amos that disrupts regulation of the proneural gene atonal during Drosophila retinal differentiation.
Drugs, flies, and videotape: the effects of ethanol and cocaine on Drosophila locomotion.
Mechanism of hedgehog signaling during Drosophila eye development.
Drosophila melanogaster, a genetic model system for alcohol research.
Rapid and chronic: two distinct forms of ethanol tolerance in Drosophila.
Addiction-like behavior in Drosophila.
The genetic relationships between ethanol preference, acute ethanol sensitivity, and ethanol tolerance in Drosophila melanogaster.
Inferring neural population dynamics from multiple partial recordings of the same neural circuit.
Comparing strategies to reactivate fetal globin expression for the treatment of beta-globinopathies.
Ionic liquids based on FeCl(3) and FeCl(2). Raman scattering and ab initio calculations.
Statistical clustering applied to adaptive matched field processing
Learning to Agglomerate Superpixel Hierarchies
Maximin affinity learning of image segmentation
Identifying synapses using deep and wide multiscale recursive networks.
Focused proofreading: efficiently extracting connectomes from segmented EM images.
Small sample learning of superpixel classifiers for EM segmentation- extended version.
Automatic neuron type identification by neurite localization in the Drosophila medulla.
Annotating synapses in large EM datasets.
A context-aware delayed agglomeration framework for EM segmentation.
Insertion of MP20 into lens fibre cell plasma membranes correlates with the formation of an extracellular diffusion barrier.
Galectin-3 is associated with the plasma membrane of lens fiber cells.
Slow sodium channel inactivation in CA1 pyramidal cells.
Voltage- and space-clamp errors associated with the measurement of electrotonically remote synaptic events.
Mechanisms shaping glutamate-mediated excitatory postsynaptic currents in the CNS.
Properties of slow, cumulative sodium channel inactivation in rat hippocampal CA1 pyramidal neurons.
Action potential bursting in subicular pyramidal neurons is driven by a calcium tail current.
Resting and active properties of pyramidal neurons in subiculum and CA1 of rat hippocampus.
Action potential initiation and backpropagation in neurons of the mammalian CNS.
Postsynaptic depolarization requirements for LTP and LTD: a critique of spike timing-dependent plasticity.
Dendritic calcium spike initiation and repolarization are controlled by distinct potassium channel subtypes in CA1 pyramidal neurons.
Prolonged sodium channel inactivation contributes to dendritic action potential attenuation in hippocampal pyramidal neurons.
Diversity and dynamics of dendritic signaling.
Activity-dependent action potential invasion and calcium influx into hippocampal CA1 dendrites.
Determinants of voltage attenuation in neocortical pyramidal neuron dendrites.
Dendritic sodium spikes are variable triggers of axonal action potentials in hippocampal CA1 pyramidal neurons.
Interneurons in the stratum lucidum of the rat hippocampus: an anatomical and electrophysiological characterization.
Perforated patch-clamp analysis of the passive membrane properties of three classes of hippocampal neurons.
Dendritic attenuation of synaptic potentials and currents: the role of passive membrane properties.
Specialized electrophysiological properties of anatomically identified neurons in the hilar region of the rat fascia dentata.
Dendritic glutamate receptor channels in rat hippocampal CA3 and CA1 pyramidal neurons.
Probing dendritic function with patch pipettes.
Dichotomy of action-potential backpropagation in CA1 pyramidal neuron dendrites.
Wing buzzing by male orchid bees, Eulaema meriana (Hymenoptera: Apidae)
Male territoriality and alternative male behaviors in the euglossine bee, Eulaema meriana (Hymenoptera: Apidae)
Phylogeny of the Tribe Cerataphidini (Homoptera) and the Evolution of the Horned Soldier Aphids
Morphogenesis and gene expressions in the parthenogenetic embryogenesis of the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum
Prospects in aphid genetics
Gene Expression in Acyrthosiphon Pisum (Hemiptera: Aphididae)
Gene expression patterns underlying wing polyphenism and polymorphism in the pea aphid
Molecular Basis of Facultative Asexuality in Aphids
A patterning difference underlying viviparous and oviparous development in the pea aphid
Evolution, Development, and the Predictable Genome
Investigation of the role of Aubergine RNA-binding proteins in the reproductive plasticity of the pea aphid, Acyrthosiphon pisum
Potential Patterning Differences Underlying Oviparous and Viviparous Development in the Pea Aphid
The evolution of soldiers in aphids.
The developmental basis for allometry in insects.
Divergence of larval morphology between Drosophila sechellia and its sibling species caused by cis-regulatory evolution of ovo/shaven-baby.
Evolutionary developmental biology and the problem of variation.
Body-size evolution: how to evolve a mammoth moth.
Molecular phylogenetic evidence for multiple gains or losses of ant mutualism within the aphid genus Chaitophorus.
Body-size control: how an insect knows it has grown enough.
The Hox gene Ultrabithorax modulates the shape and size of the third leg of Drosophila by influencing diverse mechanisms.
The origin of a mutualism: a morphological trait promoting the evolution of ant-aphid mutualisms.
The developmental genetics of microevolution.
Split--pool synthesis of 1,3-dioxanes leading to arrayed stock solutions of single compounds sufficient for multiple phenotypic and protein-binding assays.
On the action of major loci affecting sex determination in Drosophila melanogaster.
Hormonal control of insect epidermal cell commitment in vitro.
Dendritic reorganization of an identified motoneuron during metamorphosis of the tobacco hornworm moth.
Sex-specific regulation of yolk protein gene expression in Drosophila.
Sex determination and dosage compensation in melanogaster.
Sex determination in Drosophila melanogaster: analysis of transformer-2 , a sex-transforming locus.
Pheromone binding and inactivation by moth antennae.
A molecular analysis of transformer, a gene in Drosophila that controls female sexual differentiation.
Endocrine regulation of the form and function of axonal arbors during insect metamorphosis.
An O(ND) difference algorithm and its variations.
Drosophila doublesex gene controls somatic sexual differentiation by producing alternatively spliced mRNAs encoding related sex-specific polypeptides.
The sex determination locus transformer-2 of Drosophila encodes a polypeptide with similarity to RNA binding proteins.
Evaporative cooling of spin-polarized atomic hydrogen.
Merrill C. Sosman lecture. Drugs, behavior, and brain chemistry.
A rapid and simple method for preparation of RNA from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Postmetamorphic cell death in the nervous and muscular systems of Drosophila melanogaster.
Isolation and characterization of QCR9, a nuclear gene encoding the 7.3-kDa subunit 9 of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae ubiquinol-cytochrome c oxidoreductase complex. An intron-containing gene with a conserved sequence occurring in the intron of COX4.
Topographic EEG analysis in patients with benign focal epilepsy of childhood (BFEC).
Near-field magneto-optics and high density data storage. (With commentary)
The regulation of transmitter expression in postembryonic lineages in the moth Manduca sexta. II. Role of cell lineage and birth order.
The maleless protein associates with the X chromosome to regulate dosage compensation in Drosophila.
Near-field fluorescence imaging of cytoskeletal actin. (With commentary)
Sex-lethal, master and slave: the hierarchy of germline sex determination in Drosophila.
Suffix arrays: a new method for on-line string searches.
Combined shear force and near-field scanning optical microscopy (With commentary)
Neuropeptide induction of cyclic GMP increases in the insect CNS: resolution at the level of single identifiable neurons.
Dimensions of luminescent oxidized and porous silicon structures.
Behavioral and neurobiological implications of sex-determining factors in Drosophila.
A sublinear algorithm for approximate keyword matching.
Raman studies of steric hindrance and surface relaxation of stepped H-terminated silicon surfaces.
Toward simplifying and accurately formulating fragment assembly.
Strain-dependent variation in carbon source regulation of nucleus-encoded mitochondrial proteins of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Proposed method for molecular optical imaging. (With commentary)
Regulation of nuclear genes encoding mitochondrial proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The uncertain response in the bottlenosed dolphin (Tursiops truncatus).
The msl-2 dosage compensation gene of Drosophila encodes a putative DNA-binding protein whose expression is sex-specifically regulated by Sex-lethal.
The rational design of allosteric interactions in a monomeric protein and its applications to the construction of biosensors.
The regulation of the Drosophila msl-2 gene reveals a function for sex-lethal in translational control.
RNase MRP correctly cleaves a novel R loop at the mitochondrial DNA leading-strand origin of replication.
GFP tagging of budding yeast chromosomes reveals that protein-protein interactions can mediate sister chromatid cohesion.
In vivo localization of DNA sequences and visualization of large-scale chromatin organization using lac operator/repressor recognition.
Nitric oxide-sensitive guanylate cyclase activity is associated with the maturational phase of neuronal development in insects.
Control of male sexual behavior and sexual orientation in Drosophila by the fruitless gene.
Drosophila EcR-B ecdysone receptor isoforms are required for larval molting and for neuron remodeling during metamorphosis.
Ecdysteroids govern two phases of eye development during metamorphosis of the moth, Manduca sexta.
Protein engineering and the development of generic biosensors.
An acid- and base-stable o-nitrobenzyl photolabile linker for solid phase organic synthesis.
Introduction of fluorescent allosteric signal transduction elements into glucose-binding protein: construction of a novel glucose sensor.
The effect of cross-linking on thermal inactivation of cellulases. In stability of stabilization of biocatalyst.
Disruption of a behavioral sequence by targeted death of peptidergic neurons in Drosophila.
Human whole-genome shotgun sequencing.
The repeat organizer, a specialized insulator element within the intergenic spacer of the Xenopus rRNA genes.
Neuropeptide hierarchies and the activation of sequential motor behaviors in the hawkmoth, Manduca sexta.
Development of the Drosophila mushroom bodies: sequential generation of three distinct types of neurons from a neuroblast.
Mosaic analysis with a repressible cell marker for studies of gene function in neuronal morphogenesis.
Hippocampal damage induced by carbon monoxide poisoning and spreading depression is alleviated by chronic treatment with brain derived polypeptides.
Visualization of large-scale chromatin structure and dynamics using the lac operator/lac repressor reporter system.
Ethanol intoxication in Drosophila: genetic and pharmacological evidence for regulation by the cAMP signaling pathway.
Optical imaging of calcium transients in neurons and pharyngeal muscle of C. elegans.
Dopamine modulates acute responses to cocaine, nicotine and ethanol in Drosophila.
Short-range and long-range guidance by Slit and its Robo receptors: a combinatorial code of Robo receptors controls lateral position.
Short-range and long-range guidance by slit and its Robo receptors. Robo and Robo2 play distinct roles in midline guidance.
Ecdysteroid coordinates optic lobe neurogenesis via a nitric oxide signaling pathway.
Binocular disparity can explain the orientation of ocular dominance stripes in primate primary visual area (V1).
Optimal sizes of dendritic and axonal arbors in a topographic projection.
A wire length minimization approach to ocular dominance patterns in mammalian visual cortex.
Functional ethanol tolerance in Drosophila.
A molecular pathway for light-dependent photoreceptor apoptosis in Drosophila.
A whole-genome assembly of Drosophila.
A novel family of mammalian taste receptors.
T2Rs function as bitter taste receptors.
The RXR ortholog USP suppresses early metamorphic processes in Drosophila in the absence of ecdysteroids.
Synthesis of 7200 small molecules based on a substructural analysis of the histone deacetylase inhibitors trichostatin and trapoxin.
Miniature motorized microdrive and commutator system for chronic neural recording in small animals.
Mammalian sweet taste receptors.
Orientation preference maps in mammalian visual cortex: A wire length minimization approach.
Rapid atomic density methods for molecular shape characterization.
Are complex behaviors specified by dedicated regularoty genes? Reasoning from Drosophila.
Effects of binaural decorrelation on neural and behavioral processing of interaural level differences in the barn owl (Tyto alba).
Postnatal development of spike generation in rat medial vestibular nucleus neurons.
A chemosensory gene family encoding candidate gustatory and olfactory receptors in Drosophila.
Neural network partitioning by NO and cGMP.
Independent anchoring and assembly mechanisms of INAD signaling complexes in Drosophila photoreceptors.
Developmental evolution: Hox proteins ring the changes.
Network motifs: simple building blocks of complex networks.
Theoretical neuroscience: state of the art.
A genomic analysis of gene expresson during the Drosophila life cycle.
Glutamate-mediated extrasynaptic inhibition: direct coupling of NMDA receptors to Ca(2+)-activated K+ channels.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of a distinct type of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase from Pyrococcus furiosus.
Drosophila Dscam is required for divergent segregation of sister branches and suppresses ectopic bifurcation of axons.
Memory of sequential experience in the hippocampus during slow wave sleep.
High-resolution analysis of ethanol-induced locomotor stimulation in Drosophila.
A novel invertebrate trophic factor related to invertebrate neurotrophins is involved in planarian body regional survival and asexual reproduction.
Functional dissection of neuroanatomical loci regulating ethanol sensitivity in Drosophila.
Differences in nuclear gene expression between cells containing monomer and dimer mitochondrial genomes.
Detection of large interaural delays and its implication for models of binaural interaction.
Microwave oven synthesis of esters promoted by imidazole.
Spike sorting in the frequency domain with overlap detection.
Mutations in the Drosophila glycoprotein hormone receptor, rickets, eliminate neuropeptide-induced tanning and selectively block a stereotyped behavioral program.
Basic transcription element binding protein is a thyroid hormone-regulated transcription factor expressed during metamorphosis in Xenopus laevis.
Haemozoin as a marker of placental parasitization.
Inducible nitric oxide synthase (NOS2) promoter CCTTT repeat polymorphism: relationship to in vivo nitric oxide production/NOS activity in an asymptomatic malaria-endemic population.
Involvement of the ubiquitin-proteasome system in the early stages of wallerian degeneration.
Genetic specification of axonal arbors: atonal regulates robo3 to position terminal branches in the Drosophila nervous system.
Coding of sweet, bitter, and umami tastes: different receptor cells sharing similar signaling pathways.
TGF-beta signaling activates steroid hormone receptor expression during neuronal remodeling in the Drosophila brain.
Presynaptic cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels modulate neurotransmission in the mammalian olfactory bulb.
Purification, crystallization and preliminary crystallographic analysis of phosphoglucose isomerase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus.
Axon pruning during Drosophila metamorphosis: evidence for local degeneration and requirement of the ubiquitin-proteasome system.
E74 exhibits stage-specific hormonal regulation in the epidermis of the tobacco hornworm, manduca sexta.
Exploratory analysis and visualization of speech and music by locally linear embedding.
Joint MRI bias removal using entropy minimization across images.
A smorgasbord of features for statistical machine translation.
In vivo imaging of C. elegans mechanosensory neurons demonstrates a specific role for the MEC-4 channel in the process of gentle touch sensation.
Intensity versus identity coding in an olfactory system.
Design, synthesis, and development of novel caprolactam anticonvulsants.
The receptors for mammalian sweet and umami taste.
Biophysical constraints on neuronal branching.
Cortical rewiring and information storage.
Decoding cilia function: defining specialized genes required for compartmentalized cilia biogenesis.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of macaque monkeys performing visually guided saccade tasks: comparison of cortical eye fields with humans.
Overexpression of broad: a new insight into its role in the Drosophila prothoracic gland cells.
Antibody humanization and affinity maturation using phage display.
Computation-based engineering of protein and antibody therapeutics.
Joint nonparametric alignment for analyzing spatial gene expression patterns of Drosophila imaginal discs.
Pneumatic capillary gun for ballistic delivery of microparticles.
Representing part-whole relationships in recurrent neural networks.
Drosophila and C. elegans models of human age-associated neurodegeneratiove diseases.
Sparse and composite coherent lattices. (With commentary)
Tracking multiple mouse contours (without too many samples).
Compressed domain real-time action recognition.
A framework for feature selection for background subtraction.
Image diffusion using saliency bilateral filter.
Isolation of yeast nuclei and micrococcal nuclease mapping of nucleosome positioning.
Large-scale biophysical parameter estimation in single neurons via constrained linear regression.
Unsupervised learning of boosted tree classifier using graph cuts for hand pose recognition.
Efficient estimation of detailed single-neuron models.
A new role for microRNA pathways: modulation of degeneration induced by pathogenic human disease proteins.
Bispecific antibodies for dual-modality cancer therapy: killing two signaling cascades with one stone.
Unsupervised discovery of action hierarchies in large collections of activity videos.
Automatic segmentation of nuclei in 3D microscopy images of C. elegans.
Comparative analysis of spatial patterns of gene expression in Drosophila Melanogaster imaginal discs.
Functional analysis of thermostable proteins involved in carbohydrate metabolism.
Supervised learning of image restoration with convolutional networks.
Alignment of large image series using cubic B-splines tessellation: application to transmission electron microscopy data.
Hysteresis phenomena of the intelligent driver model for traffic flow.
Modulation of neuronal voltage-activated calcium and sodium channels by polyamines and pH.
A rate-efficient approach for establishing visual correspondences via distributed source coding.
Rate-efficient visual correspondences using random projections.
CITRIC: A Low-bandwidth wireless camera network platform.
High speed action recognition and localization in compressed domain videos.
Multi-modal target tracking using heterogeneous sensor networks.
Natural image denoising with convolutional networks.
Boosting adaptive linear weak classifiers for online learning and tracking.
Inferring elapsed time from stochastic neural processes.
Trimethyl lock: a stable chromogenic substrate for esterases.
Structured illumination in total internal reflection fluorescence microscopy using a spatial light modulator.
Characterization of vibrational resonances of water-vapor interfaces by phase-sensitive sum-frequency spectroscopy.
Three-dimensional nanoscopy of biological samples.
Which spatial partition trees are adaptive to intrinsic dimension?
Circuit dynamics and neural coding in the locust olfactory system.
A critical role for N-WASp in cell migration during central nervous system development.
Algebraic approach to recovering topological information in distributed camera networks.
Like-charge interactions between colloidal particles are asymmetric with respect to sign.
Machine learning of image analysis with convolutional networks and topological constraints.
Modulating protein interactions by rational and computational design.
Reconstruction of sparse circuits using multi-neuronal excitation (RESCUME).
How different are recently diverged species?: more than 150 phenotypic differences have been reported for the D. melanogaster species subgroup.
Accelerating feature based registration using the Johnson-Lindenstrauss Lemma.
Simplified approach to diffraction tomography in optical microscopy.
Variable phase retarder made of a dielectric elastomer actuator.
Juvenile hormone action requires paralogous genes in Drosophila melanogaster.
Lineage-based connectivity map of the Drosophila brain.
Towards automated high-throughput screening of C. elegans on agar.
Using Drosophila to reveal insight into protein misfolding disease.
Over-complete representations on recurrent neural networks can support persistent percepts.
Anatomic analysis of Gal4 expression patterns of the Rubin line collection: the central complex.
Boundary learning by optimization with topological constraints.
Learning to agglomerate superpixel hierarchies.
Multiple instance learning with manifold bags.
Probing tension and dynamics in actomyosin mediated cell shape change.
Molecular evolution of juvenile hormone signaling.
High resolution segmentation of neuronal tissues from low depth-resolution EM imagery.
Supervised hypergraph labeling.
The binding of cholera toxin to the periplasmic vestibule of the type II secretion channel.
A genetically encoded fluorescent protein in echinoderms marks the history of neuronal activity.
Design tools for artificial nervous systems.
Learning hierarchical similarity metrics.
A mechanistic model of early sensory processing based on subtracting sparse representations.
Neuronal spike generation mechanism as an oversampling, noise-shaping A-to-D converter.
Learning animal social behavior from trajectory features.
A lattice filter model of the visual pathway.
Efficient automatic 3D-reconstruction of branching neurons from EM data.
Automated alignment of imperfect EM images for neural reconstruction.
Distance preserving embeddings for general n-dimensional manifolds.
3D Haar-like elliptical features for object classification in microscopy.
Functional organization of the neural circuitry for male courtship behavior in Drosophila.
The Drosophila genome project: a progress report.
